Yeltsin
I think we're finally close to figuring
out where Ben's hardness is that so then
that leaves only Tara right and we've
got to save all three of them hmm the
question is what does they are not
intend to do next Xehanort but his two
halves are gone there is Ansem who
commanded the heartless and xemnas who
commanded the nobodies did its or defeat
them both correct those two met their
end however therein lies exactly our
problem their destruction now guarantees
the originals they are not sri
construction huh zaire knots heart once
seized by his heartless half is now free
and his body which had become his no
body has been vanquished both halves
will now be returned to the hole and
short this means master say or not will
return and you think you think that
maybe he's gonna try something a man
like Isaiah not will have left many
roads open well it doesn't matter what
he cooks up me and Sora will be ready
and Riku too yes they are indeed strong
but not true Keyblade masters like you
tell me what a single one of you suffice
if what you faced was not a single one
of him what what do you mean Mickey
please summon Sora hither Riku as well
of course but why to show us the mark of
mastery